Helm update (#1536)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/enterprise-version/helm-chart-install-reference.md

Review the following parameters to configure Palette for your environment. The `config` section contains the following subsections:

#### Install Mode

You can install Palette in connected or air-gapped mode. The table lists the parameters to configure the installation mode.

| **Parameters** | **Description** | **Type** | **Default value** |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |

> | `installMode` | Specifies the installation mode. Allowed values are `connected` or `airgap`. Set the value to `airgap` when conducting an install in an air gap environment. | String | `connected` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `installMode` | Specifies the installation mode. Allowed values are `connected` or `airgap`. Set the value to `airgap` when installing in an air-gapped environment. | String | `connected` |
```
